static_model_tab_docs (#1562)
deepchecks/deepchecks: docs/source/user-guide/tabular/supported_models.rst

...     def predict(X: pd.DataFrame) -> pd.Series:
...         ...

Instead of passing a model object you can pass the precomputed predicted probabilities as keyword arguments to the run function as shown here:

> For more info check out :doc:`Using Pre-computed Predictions </user-guide/tabular/tutorials/plot_static_predictions>`

Reviewer: Maybe put the "For more info..." line below the example.

is expected to return an `ndarray` of shape ``(n_samples,)``, a vector containing the predicted class label for each sample, and ``predict_proba``
is expected to return an `ndarray` of shape ``(n_samples, n_classes)``, an array containing the predicted probability of each class per sample.

>>> class simple_classification_model:
...     def predict(X: np.ndarray) -> np.ndarray:
...         ...
...     def predict_proba(X: np.ndarray) -> np.ndarray:
...         ...

> Instead of a model you can also pass the predict_proba as keyword arguments to the run function as follows:

Author: if the check needs just pred it will run, it what's happening in the diabetes examples

> Instead of a model you can also pass the predict_proba as keyword arguments to the run function as follows:

Reviewer: So say it here (that you can also pass just preds)

is expected to return an `ndarray` of shape ``(n_samples,)``, a vector containing the predicted class label for each sample, and ``predict_proba``
is expected to return an `ndarray` of shape ``(n_samples, n_classes)``, an array containing the predicted probability of each class per sample.

>>> class simple_classification_model:
...     def predict(X: np.ndarray) -> np.ndarray:
...         ...
...     def predict_proba(X: np.ndarray) -> np.ndarray:
...         ...

Instead of a model you can also pass the model predicted probabilities as keyword arguments to the run function as follows:

>>> train_proba = model.predict_proba(train_dataset.features_columns)
... test_proba = model.predict_proba(test_dataset.features_columns)
... 
... suite.run(train_dataset=train_dataset, test_dataset=test_dataset,
...           features_importance=feature_importance,
...           y_proba_train=train_proba, y_proba_test=test_proba)

> You may also provide the predictions as was done in the Regression example (on default argmax will be used to calculate them)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also provide the predictions as was done in the Regression example (by default the predictions will be assumed to be the argmax of the probability matrix)
```

> You may also provide the predictions as was done in the Regression example (by default the predictions will be assumed to be the argmax of the probability matrix)

Reviewer 2: Add note that in this case we assume the prediction are assumed to be argmax
